Creating Academic-Industry Collaboration chapter and subchapters (#3095)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/academic-industry/academic-industry-community.md

On the Roche side, the team explored areas of the business and prepared case studies of where potential partnership research could be applied- gaining buy-in from colleagues.  

(cl-academic-industry-community-champions)=
### Identifying Champions/Cheerleaders on Both Sides 
Whilst there will likely be a core team in a collaboration, it's also useful to identify people outside of this team at both organisations who can champion your collaboration and help raise awareness. 
This may be communications and marketing teams who can help with promotion or 'influential' leaders in relevant departments who can advocate for people getting involved. 
There may also be existing networks that you can leverage. 

It may also be fruitful to consider an external advisory board. 
You can bring on board individuals who can help advise on scientific strategy and also can connect the collaboration with colleagues and opportunities within their own networks.

(cl-academic-industry-community-space)=
### Creating Shared Spaces to Connect

> To start facilitating interactions and connections between your organisations and allow your community to come together its worthwhile to set up a shared space where people can interact. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start facilitating interactions and connections between your organisations and allow your community to come together, it is worthwhile to set up a shared space where people can interact. 
```

This could be something like a Slack Workspace or GitHub Repository which are both fairly low barrier to engage with. 

> More info on GitHub this {ref}`the Getting Started with GitHub chapter <cl-github-novice>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More info on GitHub can be found in {ref}`the Getting Started with GitHub chapter <cl-github-novice>`. 
```

You might need to check any tool you're considering with your IT department and take into consideration any restrictions/access issues each organisation might have.

As your collaboration grows and progresses you may also consider joint events, such as a seminar series, journal club or joint conference/symposium. 

> Collaboration Cafes and/or co-working sessions can also help bring a sense of community to your collaboration. 

Reviewer: worth adding a ref to the Collab Cafe page?
https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.html
